now the Lord said to Moses going to
now the Lord said to Moses going to Pharaoh for I have hardened his heart
Pharaoh for I have hardened his heart
Pharaoh for I have hardened his heart and the hearts of his servants that I
and the hearts of his servants that I
and the hearts of his servants that I may show these signs of mine before him
may show these signs of mine before him
may show these signs of mine before him and that you may tell in the hearing of
and that you may tell in the hearing of
and that you may tell in the hearing of your son and your son's son
your son and your son's son
your son and your son's son the mighty things I have done in Egypt
the mighty things I have done in Egypt
the mighty things I have done in Egypt and my signs which I have done among
and my signs which I have done among
and my signs which I have done among them that you may know that I am the
them that you may know that I am the
them that you may know that I am the Lord
Lord
Lord so Moses and Aaron came into Pharaoh and
so Moses and Aaron came into Pharaoh and
so Moses and Aaron came into Pharaoh and said to him thus says the Lord God of
said to him thus says the Lord God of
said to him thus says the Lord God of the Hebrews how long will you refuse to
the Hebrews how long will you refuse to
the Hebrews how long will you refuse to humble yourself before me let my people
humble yourself before me let my people
humble yourself before me let my people go that they may serve me or else if you
go that they may serve me or else if you
go that they may serve me or else if you refuse to let my people go
refuse to let my people go
refuse to let my people go behold tomorrow I will bring locusts
behold tomorrow I will bring locusts
behold tomorrow I will bring locusts into your territory and they shall cover
into your territory and they shall cover
into your territory and they shall cover the face of the earth so that no one
the face of the earth so that no one
the face of the earth so that no one will be able to see the earth and they
will be able to see the earth and they
will be able to see the earth and they shall eat the residue of what is left
shall eat the residue of what is left
shall eat the residue of what is left which remains to you from the hail and
which remains to you from the hail and
which remains to you from the hail and they shall eat every tree which grows up
they shall eat every tree which grows up
they shall eat every tree which grows up for you out of the field they shall fill
for you out of the field they shall fill
for you out of the field they shall fill your houses the houses of all your
your houses the houses of all your
your houses the houses of all your servants and the houses of all the
servants and the houses of all the
servants and the houses of all the Egyptians which neither your fathers nor
Egyptians which neither your fathers nor
Egyptians which neither your fathers nor your father's fathers had seen since the
your father's fathers had seen since the
your father's fathers had seen since the day that they were on the earth to this
day that they were on the earth to this
day that they were on the earth to this day
day
day and he turned and went out from Pharaoh
and he turned and went out from Pharaoh
and he turned and went out from Pharaoh then Pharaoh seven said to him how long
then Pharaoh seven said to him how long
then Pharaoh seven said to him how long shall this man be a snare to us let the
shall this man be a snare to us let the
shall this man be a snare to us let the men go that they may serve the Lord
men go that they may serve the Lord
men go that they may serve the Lord their God do you not yet know that Egypt
their God do you not yet know that Egypt
their God do you not yet know that Egypt is destroyed so Moses and Aaron were
is destroyed so Moses and Aaron were
is destroyed so Moses and Aaron were brought again to fetter
go serve the Lord your God who are the
go serve the Lord your God who are the ones that are going we will go with our
ones that are going we will go with our
ones that are going we will go with our young and our old with our sons and our
young and our old with our sons and our
young and our old with our sons and our daughters with our flocks and our herds
daughters with our flocks and our herds
daughters with our flocks and our herds we will go for we must hold a feast to
we will go for we must hold a feast to
we will go for we must hold a feast to the Lord the Lord had better be with you
the Lord the Lord had better be with you
the Lord the Lord had better be with you when I let you and your little ones go
when I let you and your little ones go
when I let you and your little ones go beware for evil is ahead of you
beware for evil is ahead of you
beware for evil is ahead of you not so go now you who are men and serve
not so go now you who are men and serve
not so go now you who are men and serve the Lord for that is what you desired
the Lord for that is what you desired
the Lord for that is what you desired and they were driven out from Pharaoh's
and they were driven out from Pharaoh's
and they were driven out from Pharaoh's presence then the Lord said to Moses
presence then the Lord said to Moses
presence then the Lord said to Moses stretch out your hand over the land of
stretch out your hand over the land of
stretch out your hand over the land of Egypt for the locusts that they may come
Egypt for the locusts that they may come
Egypt for the locusts that they may come upon the land of Egypt and eat every
upon the land of Egypt and eat every
upon the land of Egypt and eat every herb of the land all that the hail has
herb of the land all that the hail has
herb of the land all that the hail has left so Moses stretched out his rod over
left so Moses stretched out his rod over
left so Moses stretched out his rod over the land of Egypt
the land of Egypt
the land of Egypt and the Lord brought an east wind on the
and the Lord brought an east wind on the
and the Lord brought an east wind on the land all that day and all that night
land all that day and all that night
land all that day and all that night when it was morning the east wind
when it was morning the east wind
when it was morning the east wind brought the locusts and the locusts went
brought the locusts and the locusts went
brought the locusts and the locusts went up over all the land of Egypt and rested
up over all the land of Egypt and rested
up over all the land of Egypt and rested on all the territory of Egypt they were
on all the territory of Egypt they were
on all the territory of Egypt they were very severe previously there had been no
very severe previously there had been no
very severe previously there had been no such locusts of rain nor shall there be
such locusts of rain nor shall there be
such locusts of rain nor shall there be such after them so they covered the face
such after them so they covered the face
such after them so they covered the face of the whole earth so that the land was
of the whole earth so that the land was
of the whole earth so that the land was darkened and they ate every herb of the
darkened and they ate every herb of the
darkened and they ate every herb of the land and all the fruit of the trees
land and all the fruit of the trees
land and all the fruit of the trees which the hail had left so they remain
which the hail had left so they remain
which the hail had left so they remain nothing green on the trees or on the
nothing green on the trees or on the
nothing green on the trees or on the plants of the field throughout all the
plants of the field throughout all the
plants of the field throughout all the land of Egypt and Pharaoh called for
land of Egypt and Pharaoh called for
land of Egypt and Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron in haste I have sinned
Moses and Aaron in haste I have sinned
Moses and Aaron in haste I have sinned against the Lord your God and against
against the Lord your God and against
against the Lord your God and against you now therefore please forgive my sin
you now therefore please forgive my sin
you now therefore please forgive my sin only this once and entreat the Lord your
only this once and entreat the Lord your
only this once and entreat the Lord your God that he may take away for me this
God that he may take away for me this
God that he may take away for me this death only so he went out from Pharaoh
death only so he went out from Pharaoh
death only so he went out from Pharaoh and entreated the Lord and the Lord
and entreated the Lord and the Lord
and entreated the Lord and the Lord turned a very strong westerly which took
turned a very strong westerly which took
turned a very strong westerly which took the locusts away and blew him into the
the locusts away and blew him into the
the locusts away and blew him into the Red Sea
there remained not one locust in all the
there remained not one locust in all the territory of Egypt of the Lord hardened
territory of Egypt of the Lord hardened
territory of Egypt of the Lord hardened Pharaoh's heart and he did not let the
Pharaoh's heart and he did not let the
Pharaoh's heart and he did not let the children of Israel go then the Lord said
children of Israel go then the Lord said
children of Israel go then the Lord said to Moses stretch out your hand toward
to Moses stretch out your hand toward
to Moses stretch out your hand toward heaven that there may be darkness over
heaven that there may be darkness over
heaven that there may be darkness over the land of Egypt darkness which may
the land of Egypt darkness which may
the land of Egypt darkness which may even be felt so Moses stretched out his
even be felt so Moses stretched out his
even be felt so Moses stretched out his hand toward heaven and there was thick
hand toward heaven and there was thick
hand toward heaven and there was thick darkness in all the land of Egypt three
darkness in all the land of Egypt three
darkness in all the land of Egypt three days they did not see one another nor
days they did not see one another nor
days they did not see one another nor did anyone rise from his place for three
did anyone rise from his place for three
did anyone rise from his place for three days but all the children of Israel had
days but all the children of Israel had
days but all the children of Israel had light in their dwellings then Pharaoh
light in their dwellings then Pharaoh
light in their dwellings then Pharaoh called to Moses God serve the Lord only
called to Moses God serve the Lord only
called to Moses God serve the Lord only let your flocks and your herds be cut
let your flocks and your herds be cut
let your flocks and your herds be cut back let your little ones also go with
back let your little ones also go with
back let your little ones also go with you but Moses said
you but Moses said
you but Moses said you must also give us sacrifices and
you must also give us sacrifices and
you must also give us sacrifices and burnt offerings that we may sacrifice to
burnt offerings that we may sacrifice to
burnt offerings that we may sacrifice to the Lord our God our livestock also
the Lord our God our livestock also
the Lord our God our livestock also shall go with us
shall go with us
shall go with us not a hoof shall be left behind for we
not a hoof shall be left behind for we
not a hoof shall be left behind for we must take some of them to serve the Lord
must take some of them to serve the Lord
must take some of them to serve the Lord our God and even we do not know with
our God and even we do not know with
our God and even we do not know with what we must serve the Lord until we
what we must serve the Lord until we
what we must serve the Lord until we arrive there but the Lord hardened
arrive there but the Lord hardened
arrive there but the Lord hardened Pharaoh's heart and he would not let
Pharaoh's heart and he would not let
Pharaoh's heart and he would not let them go then Pharaoh said to him get
them go then Pharaoh said to him get
them go then Pharaoh said to him get away from me take heed to yourself and
away from me take heed to yourself and
away from me take heed to yourself and see my face no more or in the day you
see my face no more or in the day you
see my face no more or in the day you see my face you shall die you have
see my face you shall die you have
see my face you shall die you have spoken well I will never see your face
spoken well I will never see your face
spoken well I will never see your face again